Do not you like your vegetables you want something
try again prepares for
stainless pumpkin with finely baked apple aroma to
zucchini okay you do not have to peel
that's why it 's pretty simple
the part user a sharp knife
and whatever your fingers want from me
it's easiest and safest if
I stab with a sharp knife
and then slowly works through me
probably the most compelling from the pumpkin seeds
Can tourists and eat if you want that
Washes out the fruit and she gets one
day long soak in water decreases
small pieces of the pumpkin
does the same thing with an apple you
can take two then it will
even better for the marinade I take
Some oil of coconut oil is best I have
but no star and half of it
actually enough a pinch of cinnamon
peppercorn pepper a lot of pepper and
are still with can not hurt synonymous
then you have the whole thing about one
three quarters of an hour designed that can
you already eat what it's so delicious
that it does not even need anything
set it up so well
or you already bulbs and tubers of
Break on the pumpkin and apple
then a dose of coconut milk and
Boil the salt once
I always do the stove after that and
a lid on it then pulls
again through how the zucchini
finished
Since I have this thing , it is quite
far too few even fairy tales amazing
that a thing suddenly much better
tastes just because it looks better
if you do not have such a thing ever
in the infobox that too
alternative in it
take the porridge and come in
a little bit around I just do that
a bit because I like that so much
if you like one
you want a liquid sauce you can
little vegetable stock or water to
The whole thing is going to be really tasty
a little pumpkin knows they can
taste and tell me videos found
Send me pictures you have it like
We have already seen or what you do
can make tomatoes if you like
subscribe to my channel then see us
next sunday see you soon